[Music]
you have never seen anything like this
trapped in a giant cube and forced to
compete to the death in twisted
children's games this movie has zero
chill putting your strength intelligence
and sanity to the test with a trick
around every corner
what do you do this one will have you
reasoning with utter madness as i'm
going to break down the mistakes made
what you should do
in how to beat the twisted games in as
the gods will
it's a normal school day until the
teacher's head explodes into bloody
marbles and a japanese daruma doll pops
out of his stump
telling the class he wants to play a
game doruma dolls are a common symbol
for good luck in japan but it's safe to
say this one
isn't the lucky kind this daruma doll
here starts the game and turns around as
these two kids
run for the exit and their heads explode
into marbles too
this particular death game is way too
bloody for youtube so every time you see
these here
someone's head just exploded and you'll
have to use a little bit of imagination
the doll tells them the rules of the
game this is red light green light the
nightmare version
usually this is just a children's game
where you have to sneak up on the leader
in the front and tag them before they
turn around and see you but in this
version they have to push the button in
the back of the doll without being seen
before time runs out
and if he turns around and sees you
moving your head will explode
okay this is [ __ ] insane but if
you're only thinking about why this is
happening
you're going to lose the game we need to
be thinking about how to keep our heads
and beat this thing before the time runs
out
if we're free to move around when he's
not looking we need to maximize his time
to gather information
and develop a team strategy as much as
possible this hero tries to rush forward
to push the button but doesn't make it
in time as the daruma doll turns his
head
and catches him moving being a hero
won't work here but if we move as a
group and each take one step at a time
in unison
our chances of survival increase some
people will mess up but with each step
we'll get closer to achieving the goal
next we can block his sight once we're
all closer i toss my jacket over its
head aiming to cover the doll's eyes
just as it turns around we would then
have a better chance of touching the
button without getting killed
in a situation like this every piece of
information is useful for survival and
we need to think about what this doll's
limitations are
he has no neck so even if he can turn
himself around he doesn't appear to have
the physical ability to look downwards
beyond his peripheral vision
so if it's me i'd consider crawling on
the floor and sneaking up to him from
below the desk
if i could hide below his eye level
until he turns around again i could
quickly reach the button without getting
caught
now i wouldn't actually do this myself
because it's way too risky but i would
advertise it to my schoolmates as a
strategy and encourage others to test
the idea
there's only two people left standing
with 35 seconds remaining but the kid's
friend has an idea
he tells sean here to use him as a
springboard to vault over
all these dead bodies and with less than
10 seconds left
the kid rushes forward he jumps off his
friend's back and makes it to the daruma
doll pressing the button with one second
remaining
what a badass way to win the game but
there's no time to celebrate
because this kid's head explodes and we
learn a simple fact
in this case there can only be one
winner the daruma doll explains the
student who presses the button is the
only one who gets to live
and then warns him that he's a mouse and
that the cat is coming
this means that there are more
horrifying games we have to go through
and we can't relax
now considering all these dead students
saved my life by making enough mistakes
for me to learn from
i'm looking for other students from the
other classes that try banding together
the more bodies there are between me and
the next death game the lower the
probability that i'm dying right away
and i can figure out how to keep myself
alive
that's when the kid's childhood friend
ichika opens the door he finds out that
she was in a daruma doll game of her own
and she won
just like him he uses his momentary
freedom to call the police but finds out
he's not in a service area
okay this is the time to find a way out
and to plan ahead i would take this
opportunity to explore all escape
options even if we find out there's no
way to escape
and we can focus on beating the games
it's clear that other games are coming
as the daruma doll said so i'm going to
take my time carefully investigating my
surroundings and gathering useful
resources for whatever might come next
things to throw like pencil cases rulers
scissors or even textbooks they continue
running until they reach the gymnasium
where they see a bunch of other students
wearing mice costumes
the door suddenly shuts itself behind
them and now they're locked in
this is their next game and as the
writing on the floor explains the
objective is to put a bell on a cat the
class president orders them to put on
the mice costumes but they don't
and this hesitation will pay off later
the floor opens up and a giant
monarchy neko statue rises up this is
yet another symbol of good luck in japan
that's going to bring these students the
exact
opposite the goal to put the giant bell
in the cat's basket collar without
getting eaten
okay whoever designed these challenges
are complete psychopaths
we're told to get into a mouse costume
and personally i would rush to put one
on because i'd be scared of punishment
for not following
the rules but immediately it eats a
mouse but those still in their school
uniforms
are left alone so there's more to this
than it seems as long as there are mice
to chase
it's blind to the students who are still
wearing uniforms if the mice costumes
are optional then this must be
considered a variable in our strategy to
defeat it so i would take off my mouse
costume immediately
and take a step back to safely assess
the pieces of the game
this collar is about 20 feet high double
the height of a regular basketball hoop
unless your dude perfect and nearly
impossible shots the likelihood of a
regular student getting the shot off is
extremely low
and it would take too many attempts to
even consider as a viable option and
with the cat running us over and swiping
at us
it's too dangerous to make multiple
attempts but throw the bell in its face
it also has a string along its back that
could be grabbed if we ran up it
my solution is to climb it for a dunk or
layup whenever it eats a mouse it pauses
and that's our best chance at this you
could wrap the bound on your shirt and
tie round your back like a sling
then when a classmate gets eaten climb
up the cat with the bell in the sling
and work your way around the collar to
go in for the dunk
one of the students is the basketball
team's mvp and has the girl pass the
bell over to him the shooter makes the
free throw but the bell is caught by the
cat
who throws it right back at the
basketball player they've just lost
their mvp
and now it can use its hands things just
got way worse
they realize the cat is only eating mice
and they finally take off their mouse
costumes putting an end to the most
dangerous cosplay event ever
but with no more mice to eat it starts
going for humans
now this is where we need to get a
little creative with our teamwork
if there's too many mice more people
will be eaten and if the cat has only
one mouse to chase then you're stuck in
a mouse costume with the undivided
intention of a giant [ __ ] cat
i would make everyone wear only the
mouse legs and fold the top of the
costume down
that way everyone can rotate wearing the
mouse costume depending on where the cat
is in the room
and when it needs to be distracted
somewhere else by simply throwing on the
top of the costume like a jacket we can
effectively appear
and disappear to the cat as needed work
together to get the bell the basket
and avoid getting eaten shawn here takes
one for the team and puts on a mouse
costume and after getting seriously cat
handled he realizes he can hear it
complain about its itchy back
he finds out so long as he's wearing
this hood he can understand
what it's saying i didn't expect this
but we can't be too surprised a cat that
likes mice of course likes to be
scratched it probably also likes catnip
tearing couch sofas and licks itself
inappropriately in front of guests
we need to think of this thing not just
as a monster but with everything we know
about cat behavior
they also love chasing lights and lasers
and if any one of them had a laser
pointer they could distract the cat away
from the mice
now that's obviously a joke but if
you're not doing everything you can to
use what you know against this thing
to keep yourself alive then you're
already losing the game he climbs up the
cat and begins to scratch its back
with the help of the other students they
all work together until it finally goes
to sleep
shun here is about to put an end to this
game but one of the students questions
if there could only be one winner
like the first game this is a valid
point but there's enough objective logic
here to infer the answer
in the children's game red light green
light there can only be one winner
whoever reaches the end first and
everyone else is eliminated from the
game
basketball however is a team sport and
when one person scores the team benefits
this is enough to convince me to
surrender the shot as someone with more
skill
if someone was insistent on shooting and
skilled enough to take the shot i'd put
my ego aside and let them have the bell
we don't have time to argue and it's
important to get the job done quickly
without interference
their argument for shooting privileges
wakes up the cat who rips two students
apart
they don't have time to put it back to
sleep but sean has another idea
grabbing the ripped of basketball on
some spare mice costumes he and his
friend disguise the bell
as a basketball since he knows the
camera lies and seeing something before
it acts
they can confuse the cat and maybe get
at least one shot up before time runs
out
in a high pressure situation this is
really good thinking he's been paying
attention to the cat's behavior knows
its weakness
and is perfectly exploiting it but he
made one mistake
if i had seen this room before i would
have used it more strategically
throughout the game
we could run inside for cover as a mouse
and come out safely as a student
there also might have been more
basketballs in there to shoot and
distract the cat with
the girl takes a shot but the cat smacks
it away giving the boy the chance to
shoot the bell but it bounces right off
the rim
and there's not enough time to try again
right at the last second this student
jumps over the cat's head
and slams it into the hoop game over but
the killing continues as the hero of the
hour starts killing the other students
believing they don't deserve to live
because they're brainless losers okay
this guy is a psychopath but he's also
not wrong unfortunately i'm not trusting
him in a game
because he's blinded by fanaticism
instead of survival in the greater good
killing them off serves us no purpose
the more expendable people that are in
the games
the more we can benefit from their
deaths every game will require a certain
amount of mistakes to learn how to play
them and these kinds of people are
perfect for that
let them make the mistakes and we study
the game's response and then use that
information to beat it
then the cap blows sleeping gas at them
knocking them out when sean here wakes
up he finds himself in a room with an
old classmate and some strangers
all four students have survived two
games the daruma and the cat game
this guy activates a device and the
group finds out they're trapped in a
giant floating cube with no way for
anyone to break in and save them
the government and military are
powerless someone knocks on the door and
these four kokeshi dolls enter the room
they're here to play kagome kagome a
game where the player wears a blindfold
while the kokeshi dolls sing as a circle
around him and he must guess who's
behind them when the music stops
this guy guesses incorrectly and gets a
laser to the head as the dolls take
control of his body and start bashing
his head against the floor
then this girl goes after him but she
can't figure out who it is either and
gets ripped in half from the legs
up okay this one is tricky because the
premise leads you to assume it's a game
of chance like russian roulette for
children
so the strategy here is to eliminate as
much chance out of the equation as
possible
and we do this by gathering as much
information as we can from every sense
of perception we have available to us
and then using them to cheat the game we
can try to observe their starting order
before putting the blindfold on
if we can confirm they form a circle in
a specific gender pattern
our chances already improve next we use
our ears to track them by distinguishing
the male voices from the female voices
if we know the pattern and locate a
male's voice as it circles
it tells us the gender that is behind us
when the music stops
now all that's left is to determine
which member of the gender it is
and now comes the cheating part of the
strategy before i put the blindfold on
i would assign a number of taps for each
doll one tap for this one and four taps
for this one
when the doll stops singing the other
student in the room can tap the number
for the doll
and hopefully not get ripped apart from
where the sun don't shine when it's
shun's turn to play
he can't figure out who's behind him the
hero doll tell him he's out of time and
another doll repeats it but this was all
a part of his plan
realizing who just spoke he deduces
correctly which one is behind him
he tricked this doll by playing a
recording of one of them saying you're
out of time
baiting her into speaking and revealing
the order of their positions around
him all the dolls explode into dust and
one of them drops the key they need to
move to the next stage
the two survivors walk out of the room
and see this guy come running at them
asking to hold their hand behind him
another doll is chasing them and they
all grab hands just in time
the monster doll inspects them but
leaves when it sees they're all linked
together
ichika comes running around the corner
and chun manages to save her from the
handholding monster just in time
they meet some other students as well
and discover that to beat this game they
need
7 students to turn seven keys at the
exact same time
they don't have enough of either until
that killer student from the cat game
appears
has brought exactly what they need with
an extra person to spare
and to no one's surprise he eliminates
him without remorse
once again foolish i would use this
extra kid as a lookout for the
hand-holding doll because we will need
to stop holding hands in order to turn
the keys
and if the hand-holding doll catches us
unlinked we might not be able to turn
the keys in time
everything is a resource here and this
guy is wasting them i would confront him
that this
is a poor strategy and that we can let
the game kill him later but he did just
save our lives for the second time so
i'm not going to hold it against him too
much
the alternate keys at the same time
beating this game with 12 seconds
left on the clock meanwhile the cube is
live streaming their victory as everyone
gathers in shibuya square to watch and
cheer for them
the group go through and find themselves
in a hot spring except
everything is frozen over as soon as i
see this environment i'm staying against
the walls
this looks like a lake that's frozen
over and i'm not leaving myself
vulnerable to any traps without reason
i'm getting a head start in the game and
encouraging the others to do the same
suddenly a giant polar bear comes
surfing in and tells them that in this
game
everyone will be asked a question that
they need to answer truthfully
if they don't they must choose someone
to be killed
okay this sounds too easy to be true and
i'm not relaxing here
the real game is something hidden
beneath the surface and we have to find
out what's the trick
there's no incentive for anyone to lie
but surely they won't let us all pass
through
i'm starting this one off by choosing
not to trust a single word this polar
bear sets
expecting traps of double meaning
insinuation or metaphor
we can't think literally even when we're
trapped in a giant cube and talking to a
giant
polar bear the first question asked is
what is your favorite food which they
all answer easily but the bears surely
freaks out because someone told a lie
and threatens to kill them if they don't
identify the liar in two minutes
the players decide that this guy must be
it because his favorite food is parsley
and the bear crushes him to
death now i'm a classic over analyzer so
this one would honestly scare the living
[ __ ] out of me the answer to this
question
is deceptively complicated because it's
based on a general opinion
and not objectively true if i've had
different favorite foods throughout the
years
or a favorite in each food category and
if i change my mind after trying new
dishes
how could i have one true answer to this
question so therefore
how could the polar bear know the truth
is if i myself
do not and this revelation is how we
beat the game
if i don't know the truth then neither
does the polar bear and none of us have
any reason to lie so when the polar bear
says
he knows someone is lying that statement
itself is a lie
and i would accuse him as a secret liar
to beat the game
the bear tells them there's an imposter
in the group who's intentionally lying
to get them killed
this student realizes that everyone goes
to the same school except for this girl
so she must be the imposter and the
polar bear stomps her flat
now that's what i call a high school
crush but as the kid looks at the bear's
paw he sees a black patch of skin
and realizes that this is a japanese
demon bear as the snow melts off
revealing his true identity underneath
the group was taken to their new arena
where these matryoshka dolls appear
announcing this will be the final game
kick the can the rules are simple
whoever is it
must take the can and place it in this
circle then try to catch the others by
looking at their face
call out their name and step on the can
those captured can be freed if another
player kicks the can
but the kicker must sacrifice his life
because the can will explode
the game ends if the players avoid being
captured while the one who is it wins by
capturing at least three players by the
time the sun sets
then they draw sticks to decide their
roles in the psychotic student
is it everyone runs before the student
kicks one of the dolls into the air
knocking the can to the ground and
places it at the designated spot
okay hold on a second didn't they say
that can would explode if
it was kicked this might mean it's not
triggered by impact and could be one of
the game's tricks if we need to kick the
can to save someone later but more
importantly if i was it i need to manage
my time wisely because
finding people will be very time
consuming and i need to know how much
time i have
the setting sun is too abstract and i
need to convert that into minutes
the best way to do this is to hold your
fingers horizontally against the sky
in between the horizon and the sun each
finger that fits in between the sun and
the earth is approximately 15 minutes
the two boys try to hide as far away as
possible but the psycho student finds
them first and beats them into
submission
that's two down two to go now finding
people who have already hidden will
waste a lot of time
and by retrieving the can first you're
giving everyone too much time
if it were me i would skip the can and
quietly follow them to their hiding
spots first
once someone's find a good hiding spot
it's unlikely they would move from it
and if i know where they're hiding i can
go retrieve the can and come back to
their hiding spot to catch them
i would also prioritize who i should put
in prison the best person to follow is
shun
because he's going to hide with the girl
in that way i am more likely to catch
two people at once
sean has proven himself to think quickly
on his feet and be heroic
while the other two are more cowardly so
if shun here is locked up first
it's very unlikely anybody will be
coming to save them and as long as i get
three captured i win the game
there's only two players left the psycho
kid spots them and runs up the stairs
shun escapes as the girl goes off to
block the entrance but he breaks through
and captures her
shun here is stuck trying to figure out
what to do as he's going to lose if he
doesn't free the prisoners
now shun's team did not strategize as
well but honestly they have the best
chance of surviving from the start
he has to see your face and call your
name to capture you by eliminating
either of these two as a possibility you
can work the game to your advantage
so i would have covered my face of my
jacket so he can't legally capture me as
a prisoner i would tell everyone to do
this
no matter how much you're punched kicked
or beaten if you don't treat your face
it will become impossible for him to win
then there's no need for anyone to kick
the can
and sacrifice themselves because no
prisoners will be taken
this is the best possible outcome if
someone does get caught
we can remove another win condition from
him when he's out finding people to
capture i would steal her by to move the
can and hide it
even if he sees her face and says your
name you're not officially captured
until he steps on the can
if they had thought about this from the
beginning they wouldn't be in this
hopeless situation
but then sean here sees this old [ __ ] of
arbor nearby and he gets a clever idea
he leaves his hiding place dressed in
rusty armor that could give you tetanus
just by looking at it
this is clever one of the rules for
being captured requires clear eye
contact between a player and the person
who is it the helmet not only makes it
harder but the entire armor set
might protect him from the explosion if
he kicks the can he's covered two
weaknesses that gives him the advantage
he needs to beat this game but it's too
hard to move and there's no way he can
fight the student
he backs away to the edge and gets
caught but this was a part of his plan
he chains the psycho and throws himself
off the wall dragging the other boy
along with him
as the student is busy trying to pull
the armor up he's escaped and climbing
back over runs for the can
he kicks it but it doesn't explode his
team wins and the dolls reveal that they
lied about the explosion
now that it's all over all the players
are given popsicles as a reward but the
girl finishes her ice cream
and realized that these popsicle sticks
declare who gets to die
and this was the secret final test they
only get the pass if luck is on their
side
the unlucky players evaporate into magic
powder and the two winners are
transported to the top of the white cube
as people below celebrate their survival
but what do you think
how would you beat as the gods will let
me know with a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist
for more videos like this until next
time have a damn good day